Update angular/README (#7)
DevExpress-Examples/devextreme-project-template-theme-selector: angular/README.md

# The Angular specific part of Theme Selector implementation

> Themes should be declared in the [angular.json](angular/angular.json) file. In this file, you should declare an asset folder, where all icons store in svg format. In the example below, you can see the optimization configuration for styles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Themes should be declared in the [angular.json](angular/angular.json) file. In this file, you should declare an asset folder where all icons are stored in SVG format. In the example below, you can see the optimization configuration for styles:
```

},
```

This application uses file names to process Stylesheets, so you should not specify the `outputHashing` option (which changes CSS file names). In this example, we used `outputHashing: media`.

> Usually, `variables.base.scss` and `variables.additional.scss` files are generated automatically. In this example, we had to configure them manually to redefine SCSS variables based on the CSS ones (we created the `variables.css` file to define the CSS variables). Unfortunately, a tool to generate such files does not exist. Thus, to apply custom styles to this example, you need to configure the variables yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, `variables.base.scss` and `variables.additional.scss` files are generated automatically. In this example, we had to configure them manually to redefine SCSS variables based on the CSS ones (we created the `variables.css` file to define the CSS variables). Unfortunately, a tool to generate such files does not exist. You need to configure the variables to apply custom styles to this example.
```
